# Cazador - The Backstory

**Astarion:** What's to tell? I was sired by a vampire named Cazador. Everything before that is so long ago it's ancient history. And everything that came after - well, I'd rather not reflect on it. You must remember your life before that? I was a magistrate, working to keep the peace in Baldur's Gate. Imprisoning trouble makers, that kind of thing. I can't remember much, truth be told. Centuries of torment will do that to you. How were you turned? I was attacked. A gang of vagrants, a tribe of wandering 'Gur', took issue with a ruling I'd made. They beat me to death's door when Cazador appeared. He chased them off and offered to save me. To give me eternal life. Given that my choices were 'eternal life' or 'bleed to death on the street', I took him up on the offer. It was only afterwards I realised just how long 'eternity' could be. Tell me about your history. Why do you insist on exhuming the past? I was a slave, a vampire spawn, kept by the Szarr family. Perhaps I still am. I was never able to resist their commands. But now I've been conveniently lost. They won't ever control me again. How does someone become a vampire, exactly? It's simple. Just find a vampire that will drink your blood and turn you into a vampire spawn: their obedient puppet. In theory, the next step is to drink their blood. Once you've done that, you're free and a true vampire. 'In theory'? People think the biggest threat to a vampire is a cleric with a stake. It's not. The biggest threat to a vampire is another vampire. They're scheming, paranoid, power-hungry beasts. So why would any vampire give up control over a spawn to create a competitor? So they bite you, you bite them? Yes and no. The problem is once you're a vampire spawn, they completely control you. They have to allow you to bite them. And why would they do that? Vampires are power-hungry creatures. They won't lose a servant to create a competitor. Trust me. It doesn't happen. You'd have to drink Cazador's blood to be free? Free and a true vampire, capable of creating my own coven? Yes. Although I'd settle for just killing the bastard. I wouldn't be a 'true' vampire, but I'd be free of him. I thought vampires couldn't walk into homes without an invitation. We can't. And yet I crossed the threshold like moonlight through leaves. This worm is a powerful little beast, isn't it? Yes, that's what worries me. Oh don't be so glum. Look at the power it's bringing us. I can walk in sunlight, trespass upon any home, manipulate minds - there isn't another vampire in the Realms like me! It sounds like you're enjoying it. What's not to enjoy? I can walk in sunlight, trespass upon any home, manipulate minds - I'm the most powerful vampire in the Realms! Granted, the looming doom is an issue, but why not enjoy the benefits while we can? You wouldn't believe the conversation I've just had with Halsin... Ah, ha ha ha, I was wondering when you were going to ask me about this. How could you tell? I guessed. The man can't stay quiet about 'enjoying the freedom of Nature's gifts'. I bet he'd outlaw clothing if he could. So, you wouldn't mind? If I had something with him?
