# The Tadpole's Powers

**Astarion:** This worm is a powerful little beast, isn't it? Yes, that's what worries me. Oh don't be so glum. Look at the power it's bringing us. I can walk in sunlight, trespass upon any home, manipulate minds - there isn't another vampire in the Realms like me! It sounds like you're enjoying it. What's not to enjoy? I can walk in sunlight, trespass upon any home, manipulate minds - I'm the most powerful vampire in the Realms! Granted, the looming doom is an issue, but why not enjoy the benefits while we can? You wouldn't believe the conversation I've just had with Halsin... Ah, ha ha ha, I was wondering when you were going to ask me about this. How could you tell? I guessed. The man can't stay quiet about 'enjoying the freedom of Nature's gifts'. I bet he'd outlaw clothing if he could. So, you wouldn't mind? If I had something with him? I wouldn't even consider it if it bothered you. I'm happy for you to have as much Halsin as you wish - but I do have one question. It's not because... you know... we haven't... in a while? Gods, I don't want you to think that for a moment. I know I was being foolish. But thank you for saying it. I've admired Halsin for a while, that's all it is. I'm fairly sure the only one in the camp who hasn't is Withers, but even with him one can never be certain. Even jerky was meat once. He propositioned me out of nowhere - I just want to see where it goes. What hovel were you living in, that you didn't see this coming back in the grove? Honestly. But that's fine. What I have with you is wholly different and very special to me.
