# Choosing Astarion Over Lae'zel

**Astarion:** You really ended things with Lae'zel, just to be with me? Not that there was any doubt - I was the obvious choice, but... Well, perhaps there was a smidge of doubt. I do come with my complications. Who among us doesn't, I ask you. Ha! All right, fair enough. Don't we all? Not everyone lusts for blood, darling. Or could be cursed to an eternity in the shadows if they lose their brain parasite. My point is you didn't have to choose this. But I did. I want this. I want you. I've made my decision, so you'd better get used to it. Well, if you insist on loving and adoring me, I guess I'll have to allow it. You know, darling, I think we are going to have a lot of fun together. Don't worry - if I don't like it, I'll just leave you. Not exactly a resounding declaration of love, but... maybe that's for the best. All right. Let's see what happens. Maybe I like complications. They keep things interesting. Oh, I can do interesting. It's everything else that worries me. We may be a disaster, but I want to see what happens. I realise now I've never really had anyone. Not really. Nothing that compares to you. I was never really serious about Karlach. I was never really serious about Lae'zel. I was never really serious about Gale. I was never really serious about Wyll. But you're serious about this? About... us? I am. Very. Dead serious. Five seconds into this relationship and I already want to break up with you. Still, if you insist on adoring me, then who am I to stop you?
