# Monster Hunter in the Swamp

**Astarion:** I met a monster hunter in the swamp. He's not after you, is he? Excuse me? Not every monster hunter we stumble across is trying to kill me. Then again, we're not exactly keeping a low profile out here. Fine, I'll bite. What did he look like? Human, dark hair, lithe build. A Gur by the name of Gandrel. He was a hulking dragonborn. Red scales, fire breath - very impressive. He was one of my people. Red-scaled and larger than I - an impressive warrior. That's interesting, but not the kind of person I'd expect to be hunting me. Still, it's wise to keep our eyes open. I'm hardly the only monster around here. I can't remember. I wasn't taking notes. Well, this has been very useful, thank you. Is there anything else? Any new and interesting ways you can waste my time? You can feed on me tonight, if you'd like. My sweet, there is nothing I'd like more. I'll come to you tonight, when you're snugly wrapped in your bedroll and we can have a little privacy. And this time I'll make sure I'm quiet - we don't want to disturb your rest. But I will taste you - savour you. Just enough to give me strength, and just enough to leave you wanting more. Later on, when we are at rest, I will eat you right up. Just enough to give me strength, and just enough to leave you wishing for more. Darling, I thought you'd never ask. I'll see you tonight. Then I'll see your delicious self tonight. I was so hoping you'd say that. Until later, then. Then I'll see you tonight, you sweet, generous thing. I was just wondering when you'd invite me back for a bite. You may have heard... about me and Lae'zel. You may have heard... about me and Gale. You may have heard... about me and Wyll. You may have heard... about me and Karlach. You may have heard... about me and Shadowheart. We haven't spent a night together in quite some time...
